update the name of provisional state version to be intermediate state… (#450)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/state.mdx

In local runs (available for workspaces whose execution mode setting is set to "local"), you can use a workspace's state by configuring the [CLI integration](/terraform/cli/cloud) and authenticating with a user token that has permission to read and write state versions for the relevant workspace. When using a Terraform configuration that references outputs from another workspace, the authentication token must also have permission to read state outputs for that workspace. ([More about permissions.](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions))

> During a Terraform Cloud run, Terraform incrementally creates intermediate state versions and marks them as finalized once it uploads the state content.  When a workspace is unlocked, Terraform Cloud selects the latest finalized state version as the current state version for that workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During a Terraform Cloud run, Terraform incrementally creates intermediate state versions and marks them as finalized once it uploads the state content.  When a workspace is unlocked, Terraform Cloud selects the latest state version as the current state version for that workspace.
```

> If Terraform Cloud has not finalized the latest state version when a workspace is unlocked, the workspace may need to be force unlocked. In the event of a force unlock, Terraform Cloud selects the latest finalized state version. When Terraform Cloud selects the current state version, it discards all pending intermediate state versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a workspace is unlocked, Terraform Cloud selects the latest state and sets it as the current state version, deletes all intermediate state versions that were saved as recovery snapshots for the duration of the lock, and discards all pending intermediate state versions that were superseded by newer state versions.
```
